how to build a B2B Media
[Music]
Company welcome back to a fresh episode
of Breaking
bb.com I'm your host Sam Dunning and if
you want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying past podcast episodes our daily
newsletter or if you want to apply to
work with us head over to breaking
bb.com so today I'm joined by Daniel
Murray Daniel is founder over at the
marketing Millennials they've got close
to 1 million followers on LinkedIn he's
also founder over at Authority so we'll
break down how you can build a B2B Media
company for your business first we'll
share the advantages why you should
consider doing it who should actually be
doing it if it's a good fit for all B2B
businesses how it contributes to
pipeline as well as Revenue cash in the
bank and we're going to be doing a step
by step of how Daniel's built up his
LinkedIn page the marketing Millennials
to close to a million followers and how
you can do the same for your business so
with that Daniel excited to have your on
man how's it
going well I need your energy in the
morning so um I'm I'm excited for this
I'm excited to chat and um thank you for
having me on no worries dude always uh
it's always the Pepsi Max I have just
before the show gives me that little bit
of energy that I need to to to keep it
rolling so yeah man good to chat first
and foremost we never beat around the
bush on this show so I want to share in
your opinion there's a lot of Buzz about
this on LinkedIn but I want to hear from
someone who's actually a practitioner in
the
space what does building a media company
in the B2B sense actually
mean yeah it it is very convoluted uh
statement that people have of building a
media company I think it's more of
thinking like a media company than
actually building a media company
because most people can be can't build
it but thinking like a media company
means thinking as your content as the
product investing in your content
innovating on your content making your
content for everything for your
audience and very little about your
company thinking about helping people
with your
content I think it all comes down to
having a mindset that content is
important and content drives business
and the people who get it and it's also
I think a lot of which is hard in a lot
of B2B companies is that people look at
short-term goals and long-term goals and
a lot of times that they don't want to
invest in the long-term thing I know you
know the same thing with
SEO um sure but it's it's about longterm
it's about that thinking longterm that I
want to build a name in the industry be
a thought leader in the industry have
expertise in Industries be known as the
thought leader in the space for a
certain topic yeah and I guess that's
why
almost internal selling when it comes to
marketing that long game it's it's
almost like an immediate turnoff for
exec right so as soon as you as soon as
you say something's going to take this
thing's going to take months even years
to build up and see Real Results it's
always it's always a tough one
right yeah and I think but I think the
companies that do it are the ones that
are long lasting I think you well just
go to SEO the same example as just like
the companies that are build as strong
SEO or the ones that are could survive
in the long term the ones who build
strong content that people are are
actively loving engaging with reading
and it's helping people like
HubSpot they're they're they're going to
be surviving for the long run you
mentioned something just now content as
a product I like that tell us a bit more
about what that actually
means it means
that it means that like there's your
product and then there's
content as a separate bucket as as a
product and when you separate separate
the two buckets and say okay I am going
to create the best content for my target
audience say your target audience is
plumbers for example I'm gonna make the
best plumbing content out there I'm
gonna invest in plumbing content I'm
gonna make it everything for the
audience I'm not going to be pitching
webinars and all these this stuff I'll
throw in some of that stuff in the mix
but all my content is just going to be
to make sure that the audience loves it
to make sure the audience cares about it
make sure the audience
and you think about distribution where
am I going to distribute this content
just like a product what channels I'm
going to distribute this content um how
much am I going to invest in this
product what things I need to make this
product better um the mindset of that
and then also I think one of the biggest
things is that you can't think of it
as a nice to have in your content
marketing strategy I mean your whole
marketing strategy needs to be a center
part of that strategy and it shouldn't
be
that every time you're Revenue goals
can't you can't hit you lean on that the
content because that is would you
wouldn't do that with your
product you you wouldn't do the same
thing with your product so you have
to be so focused that this is a longterm
play to make make sure that this is the
best product in the
market go and to give our audience some
context should any B2B company doing be
doing this like regardless if you're
perhaps a bootstrap startup or maybe
even later stage perhaps you're already
turning over a million 2 million three
million plus like is it a good fit I
guess my question is is it a good fit
for any business regardless of the stage
you're at or are there businesses that
is a perfect match
for I think there's different scales of
it I think that I think everybody should
be creating content I think we're in the
age that you have to be creating content
as a business whether it's seen as
bottom middle funnel top of funnel you
have to be always creating content I
think when you're smallest stage it's
more about Focus find that one channel
that you can be the best in in the world
and be the one channel that you can
dominate in when you're a later stage
that's where you can start thinking
about
having a owned audience having a rented
audience having many rented audiences
having multiple channels of distribution
of your content but I think when you're
starting you could still say start on
LinkedIn and that's your only channel
that you're you're creating content and
have that focus on that and then when
you start seeing results then move to
other other channels I think it's all
bit depends on resources that you have
and I think anybody can I think it's not
smart to just rely on demand capture
when you're when you're starting you
start need to start building that demand
creation
um cycle
early yeah
this it's just like for example I mean I
love because you you're um a website
it's just like SEO for example like
there's small things you could do when
you're starting up and then when you're
in full scale you can start creating
tons of Articles getting tons of
backlinks getting tons of things to make
sure that you're you're ranking higher
and higher but at first you you focus on
the small things that can get you the
most most positive return quickest and I
think
um same with content is you you find
those those channels where you're hang
the low hanging fruits are first and
then you start growing and growing and
growing that way and I think it
compounds as you grow as a business got
it love the analogy gonna have to get
you back on for for this cheeky SEO plug
that wasn't pre-rehearsed so we're we're
going to break down the process we're
going to break down how you've built up
marxy Millennials to 900k nearly a
million followers I know you've got
other channels like podcast as well
that's successful marketing podcast in
your email list as well before we do for
anyone that's been tuning in for the
last nine 10 minutes or so and thought
this all sounds good and well yeah I
like quite like the sound of building up
a B2B Media Company how does it actually
contribute to sales pipeline be that
demo request leads for our company or
perhaps other avenues towards generating
Revenue whether that is Partnerships
affiliate sponsorships
whatever how does it drive bottom
line yeah I that's a great question I
think it's it's also tough because it
depends how great your like every Market
depends how great your content is but I
think is one
is one is focusing on channels where you
can where your audience hangs out on so
like let's say do go down the LinkedIn
rapid hall for for a minute what I would
do is have a founder or
a or a comp both company page and
founder creating content on on
LinkedIn as you grow your your your page
starts getting more expertise you start
getting more expertise you can also once
you start building trust as a a a a a
Content
vehicle selling becomes
not becomes people don't care if you
sell once in a while
so dropping hey we launch this new
product or hey check out this new things
I like to subtly drop ctas in in the
content like PS we're doing this new
thing here check this out like for
example I'll give a a tangible example
for how we grew Mark and Millennials
newsletter is we would find posts we
would create posts that we knew would
get attention um we would drop a a a
link in the posts or in the comments
that says hey why haven't you joined
like our newsletter there's 100,000
marketers just like you for example and
we would every single get 50 to 60 to 70
new subscribers and that PO up to an
owned audience and
now get more and more expertise from us
and more and more trust so when we we
say hey we're launching a new event
that's paid um people trust us they love
us they in an own audience they get so
much value from us on a daily basis
they're willing to buy in a second um
but it let's say if you want to go into
more of a Content stuff I would say
that any stage of the funnel there you
can start thinking about your content
whether it's like bottom of the funnel
you can think of how could I create
better content for sales to enable them
to sell better um how could I create
content that answers the the the the
audien's questions that are burning
about our product and then you can move
middle funnel of more of educating them
about the like the pain in the market
and then top of funnel is more of a
attention just making sure people know
who the heck you are so you move people
through the funnel and that's why I
think you need to have a top of funnel
vehicle a middle funnel vehicle like a
newsletter email um good blog good
whatever your middle funnel um channels
are and then bottom of funnel channels
are those those case studies those um
those indepth um guides that you produce
those um those testimonials so
everything everything basically is
content but you just got to think of it
think as your content as how you would
as a a buyer go through the buying cycle
as a thing first get attention with your
content figure out how to get attention
then figure out how to create more
education that's in depth midal funnel
and then the last is like education on
your on your product why they should be
a part of this why is this amazing and
then when they in your product you still
need great content to be able to like
keep them in the content so it's just
keep them having a great great time
retaining them you can't just stop at
the bottom of the fun you got a it's a
full cycle of creating good stuff so um
I think of two things is one is having a
rented attention based audience and
second is having a owned audience that
you
should have first party data that you
can go and plug that into Facebook ads
PL plug that
into um email sequences know who your
audience is know who's engaging know
what type of who is loving your brand um
yeah I think we could go into deeper
more deeper than that but there's so
many different ways to to see Roi and
but also like SEO it's it is going to
take longer than putting money in
Facebook and seeing a return um it's not
one to one like that yeah yeah yeah and
I suppose there's like many things in
B2B marketing it's not a straightforward
measurement for what the return is
against time or resource spent because
like you say there's so many different
ways that you can build it out and if
you did start in on LinkedIn like you
say with your example of the founder
page and then the company page and
you're initially building out content to
get that top of funnel attention from
your prospects and then eventually
looking to do s ctas whether that is to
join your email list or check out your
podcast or send them to some kind of
owned media and then that's one chunk of
it and then over time you're building up
the audience on that separate owned
platform but the other thing is like you
say you can go down the route of sales
enablement where like you look to speed
up prospects that may be already in the
deal cycle but you're connected with
let's say for example LinkedIn like you
say you answer their common questions
you produce content that addresses their
direct pain points or maybe you produce
content that handles common objections
you're getting sales calls whether
that's video text Etc so I suppose this
so many different ways that you can go
about it so direct measurement becomes
difficult but I suppose you can do
things like how many people kind of
joined your own own channels off the
back of it or I suppose if you are doing
kind of direct ctas and posts every now
and then to your own site um and using
that kind of
data I think also I mean Chris Walker
said said best with um just adding
simple like where did you hear about us
on I phone
will start telling you that oh hey these
people heard about us on the podcast
this person heard about us on on
LinkedIn this person heard about us on
these things a lot of people think that
oh I got it from Paid branded search
like they they heard about it as from
Paid branded search and I was like I
always say like how do they hear about
your brand like they just typed in your
brand out of nowhere so that's how they
knew about from branded search
and most B2B
companies spend a lot of money on
branded search I know that because I've
been in B2B companies that spent a lot
on Brandon surch and that was the number
one performing Channel but they didn't
consider what are were those those
millions of other things they were doing
to get them to branded search um
so it's funny true a lot of companies
have to spend cash on Google paid search
on their own brand because their
competitors are bidding against them
yeah and I think if you if you're doing
a good job with content you're you're
you're creating so much expertise that
even if your competitors are betting
against you people are there for you
they're not there for the problem is
that like it's the people who haven't
built any expertise education don't know
who the really don't know who they maybe
seen a Facebook ad typed it in go search
and they're like oh here's other options
let me do more research you want to you
want to get people to the point where
they they're loving you so much that
like they skip that fighting against
that but obviously like there's a demand
capture bu bucket that you have to do to
get the existing demand in the market
and then you have to educate I think a
lot of people when they're starting are
trying to get those early adopters which
is great but you have to start building
a small flywheel and the best way to to
do this is do it small and measure
Blended CAC and if your Blended CAC is
not doing well then you can start doing
investing differently but if your
channels are performing well and have
good blended C CAC you could still in
invest invest invest as much as you want
it's when you your Blended CAC isn't
good you you kind of
screwed yeah yeah like you say is a good
point adding how about us on demo forms
or inquiry forms or calendar booking is
smart and then I even tell teams these
days CU so many folks especially on my
how you hear about us they actually
forgot so like I've had people that have
come in and they've said like LinkedIn
and then I asked them on the sales call
and they're like oh actually first I
heard your podcast then I followed you
on LinkedIn then I checked out your
email list and then I did something else
theyve took like five different actions
so I'll always say like please ask your
your sales team to even if they' put one
thing one Channel on on the inquiry form
ask yourselves folks to ask because then
you get a bit more Intel on the journey
might not always be perfect but if you
get them to ask something like what was
your full journey of stumbling across us
today or how did you stumble upon us
today sometimes give you an extra few
golden nuggets because I know some
people are just in a rush to feel like
your form and book that time or book
that calendar slot yeah I mean I I I
agree I think so many people spend so
many time relying on their marketing
attribution and or that for first party
data question that they don't get to see
the full picture and then they
lose those channels that we're talking
about before that are pumping good
results like for example oh I saw you on
um let say a Facebook ad but they could
have been like yeah I've heard about you
from this person on LinkedIn or this and
this but then I saw your Facebook ad and
now I'm ready to do something um so it's
like the last touch could have been that
but it doesn't mean that they you
weren't introduced into your world
through another Channel um that happen
so that was a great point to just me so
let's dig into some actionables we've
teed up quite nicely and feel free to
use the marketing Millennials because
I'm sure plenty of folks would be
curious to know how you've built that up
to nearly a million followers on the
LinkedIn page as well as your own
audience on LinkedIn plash your email
list PR your podcast feel free to use
any examples as you see fit so when it
comes to building up a B2B Media Company
what are what is like step one Daniel
what's the first thing that business
should be thinking about or
planning yeah I think the first thing is
like what do you want to be known for
who like what is what is your
expertise and who and like who is the
audience you're trying to serve with
this expertise um I think that's the
number one thing is figuring out who
what you're trying to do with this and
who the audience is because it helps you
create and then also who do you want to
be what's your brand who do you want to
be do you want to be fun do you want to
be serious do you want to be known as um
a a like Professor type um thought
leader do you want to be a comedic type
thought leader who are you before you
get started um as a brand and then I
would say
go hang go find the the CH go spend time
finding out where your audience hangs
out on and it could be LinkedIn it could
be it could be Reddit it could be
whatever figure out that Channel first
and then focus on one learn that one
channel that most your audience is hang
out learn it backwards reverse engineer
what the best people are doing find out
what they're do how they're doing also
with all the research you have you
should have a bunch of thing questions
that your audience have been asking that
you can create as easy content to start
so once you're in the audience and hear
what what they're saying hear what they
talk they're talking about here are
questions that come up over and over
again you can start finding your spot
but first you have to look at the market
and see how am I going to be different
in this market how am I going to stand
out how I'm GNA I'm I'm gonna um be
different also the number one thing in
B2B is expertise I think like people
trust people who are experts I think
that's the problem with a lot of B2B
content now it's it's it's just
written by people who are great
marketers just not experts in that space
so people inherently don't trust that
content that are they put out and
they're not going to read content that
they don't trust so there needs to be
some sort of expertise that's why I
think we're in the age of having more
creators or bringing a Creator in or
bringing a subject matter expert into
your team um that's why drifted so well
that's why gong did so well because Dave
was an expert in marketing Devon Reed
was an expert in sales they can create
content that is so trustworthy that and
so and they have the expertise behind
the content that it it's just so good to
for the audience so when when you start
doing that and then you start focusing
on on one channel just nail that one
channel be the double down on that
channel make sure it's the best make
sure that the my simple formula I tell
people is A+
consistency plus B+ content so you just
have to create content that's above
average than the rest of people and just
be way more consistent than everybody
and Outlast them that's the how the
market Millennials have lasted for so
long it's because we're just super
consistent and I would like to say most
the content we put out is above average
um or an average has very I think the
algorithm is the audience um so if the
audience likes the content then you're
doing like LinkedIn is going to show
more content that people want to see
even if people think it's fluffy or
cringe or whatever they they think
LinkedIn is showing that content because
people are engaging with that content
they want to keep people on the platform
they're not going to show people content
that oh these people hate this content
let me just keep showing people content
that people hate it's LinkedIn want
people on their platform so figure out
what works on the platform and keep
doing what works and that format where
it works speak the language of the
platform and your audience at the same
time
good a lot to unpack um how how long AG
did you start the marketing Millennials
on LinkedIn
so I actually started as my like a test
to test my I was a marketing Ops person
and I wanted to test LinkedIn as just a
channel so I tested my own profile and
started posting marketing stuff just on
the side just to prove that LinkedIn is
a a good Channel and then I started
seeing success like I had a thousand
followers that were all friends but I
was getting like 3,000 Impressions on a
post and I was like oh this is crazy and
at that time that was lot to me I was
like oh shoot I'm posting one thing and
I'm getting 3,000 Impressions and I only
have a th000 followers there some
organic reach here so I started creating
more content and then I was like running
out of ideas of content so I decided oh
I need a new vehicle of creating content
one of the things that I think will be
great is a podcast because I can pick
brains of the experts in marketing and I
can have more and more content in in the
world um um so I started a podcast the
Marky Millennials and then that turned
into oh I don't want to only distribute
marking Millennials content on my
personal page to grow it I'm going to
start a company page to to grow to put
out all the cool content that people are
seeing so I saw a company page I had a
goal I was like I'm GNA get 10,000
followers in a year this is going to be
good and
then it grew to 250,000 followers and
the reason why I did is I started doing
this strategy where I wanted to get more
great podcast guests so I would take a
screenshot from like the top people on
Twitter who weren't big on LinkedIn and
I would post it on the marketing
Millennials and it would go it would go
pretty viral and then they would reach
out and be like thanks for sharing my
stuff um I would always hype them up and
say follow them and go follow their page
and they would get thousands of
connections and they would come to me
and say thank you so much and I'd be
like oh no problem like would you mind
being a guest on the marketing
Millennials and they okay they 90% of
the time they would be do that so as I'm
growing this page with doing like res
sharing great content that I think from
marketers and being the hype person for
marketers my goal was to be just the
hype person in the marketing industry
just hyping up cool marketing content
that was out there um that was the first
goal of the market plan just being the
hype person
um that grew the page to very quickly
and then that brought people to the
podcast to and grew the podcast and then
once I got up to like 250,000 followers
300,000 followers we I started a
newsletter to start capturing those
people which in hindsight I probably
should have started a newsletter way
earlier because that's email is probably
one of the best distribution channels
out there to reach an audience build
intim to see with the audience just like
a podcast those two are like my two
favorite channels to build indepth stuff
with the audience the I do love the
rented channels like LinkedIn and
Instagram but um those are the two
intimate channels to build a good
audience Legend did um did you see did
you kind of foresee that there was a
space in marketing for a page like this
because I've in your style like a lot of
what I see from the markety Millennials
is quite funny quite humorous like the
the gifts the memes and all that kind of
stuff like there's just funny right
um as well as some sensible stuff like
some cool quotes and like you say hyping
up marketers like you did when you were
early stage the only page that I can
kind of remember that's kind of similar
was one by Daniel Disney called the
daily sales where he used to post
similar kind of stuff but that was
focused on sales reps did you see that
there was like a gap in the market for
this kind of stuff on marketing or was
it more you started doing it it worked
and then you grew
it I think so two things I think the
vibe always with the podcast was
supposed to be like fun NOS like cool
funny like just banter and then I
realized that the top pages on Instagram
and all these stuff are are these quote
mean pages that people love and are
engaging with and following and
and I noticed in the marketing space
nobody was doing that so I wanted to I
also wanted I also realized that
LinkedIn was full
of I I was a a senior I was a director
of marketing and I I I the people who
were thought leaders at the time when I
started were CMOS and I didn't know I
didn't want to be the one coming out and
sharing like that I know everything
about marketing so I wanted to end up
being the what I like to call the break
in the LinkedIn feed the one where I can
entertain having a little space to like
have a laugh during work I wanted to
feel like be different and not only the
people having content that people can
learn from but being a break and I
thought of it as like if I can think of
my LinkedIn page as a way to get
attention to drive people to other
channels that I want them to be i. like
the podcast or the newsletter that's
where they can get more deeper expertise
and I can really show my expertise on
LinkedIn I want to just be the place
where people can have a laugh or get a
quick tip or get
something get something that made their
day and I think adding value just means
adding something to someone's day and
some people think it's deep expertise
whatever but I think but I think for me
the goal of Linkin is attention it's not
intention the intention channels are
newsletter podcast virtual events Live
Events those are the things where you
can get deep expertise I want people to
come off the channel on LinkedIn I want
them to have fun I want them to love
like see relevant content have a
community show that people feel the same
way as they do laugh with other
marketers I think there's there's so
much people like
out there they're producing great
in-depth content that I didn't need to
be another one doing that um on L Yeah
Yeah Yeah the more you're talking the
more you're making me think like all
these super long form posts that I'm
putting on LinkedIn about SEO websites
BB marke I'm thinking maybe I should do
some more lighter stuff and kind of make
people laugh I think it's a good mixture
I think a mixture is great I think um
having some attention based po I always
tell people who are growing the audience
have like one or two or three attention
based type post where you know the
audience will like this you know this
and then have in depth post for those
in-depth SEO people who want to learn
indepth SEO stuff but most people most
people you're going to start attracting
are probably like trying to learn what
SEO is and you're when you're saying
that stuff that's not going to resonate
with them that much but if you can break
it down in a simple quick format um that
grabs their attention really fast that
they can consume and just like an ad or
a blog or something like the headline
grabs someone in and then if they want
to read your whole post you can have a
long in depth post too so you can have a
mixture of having a catchy headline that
is a good a good posst and then the long
a relevant oneliner that people or two
liners or meme that people are that
catches their attention first and then
go in depth with um what they're say
with with stuff you want to say so I
think you can have a mixture of both but
I think it all depends on your goal of
that channel I think some people's goal
if I was a company I would not do all
that I'm doing with the market
Millennials for them because I think you
have to show
expertise on that channel too as a
company I think I just got the luxury
that I wasn't a company and I got to do
whatever I wanted on that but now like
Mark and Millennials
has is a producing good what Revenue as
well off of media so I
think it just shows that like whenever
whenever people when I ever meet people
or they DM me they say oh I love your
podcast I love newsletter I love your
your LinkedIn is my favorite I follow
you on all socials it's just there's so
many different places where people want
different things and some people don't
want in-depth content just they just
don't they want
something quick and then when the time
comes just like marketing um when the
time comes and they want more indepth
content you have that ready in Your
Arsenal to share with them um so that's
why I think you need both attention and
intention on your pages or ways to have
both that makes sense so from what
you've just shared
there Step One think about what you want
to be known for just before we
progress how close if we're looking at
um let's say we are a B2B company how
closely linked to our actual offer or
service student think it should be like
for examp I don't know may maybe I can
give you an example I don't know maybe
we're a SAS company doing
accounting yeah I think your content
should be if you're doing accounting
software I wouldn't say it's linked to
your accounting software I think it
would be linked to accountants is the
the the content like be the best content
for accountants if accountants are
loving your content and seeing that
you're an expert they're going to come
to your product and be like like oh this
person getss accounting they must know
what they're doing with their product um
they understand accountant like better
than anybody in the the business like
people are saying follow these people
for accounting advice like if they know
accounting advice they probably have the
best accounting software out there um so
and they they have they're showing
credibility by posting all this account
so I would be figure out what I want to
be the best you can link it to your your
product in the way of let's say your
product is let's say your product is
like a specific thing of
like um let's say it does a couple
things you could say
like Niche your your your content to
accountants be like here are some
budgeting tips here are some ways to do
better payroll here's some ways to do X
Y and Z here's some way to do um like
here's how I think about doing I'm not
an accountant so like whatever
they they are doing in your product that
is just like day-to-day things like you
can give it tips and advice on how to do
it better that's not doing with your
product you could say like this is how I
would budget first I would do I would
get with all my team and second I would
do this and this and then you can show
funny things too like me in a budgeting
meeting with these people and then you
could show like a on line tip of like
the key to to budgeting is X Y and Z and
you can do like so many different things
of that like one little like theme of
your product but it's
all like you don't have to talk about
your product and then like they get they
they'll start getting it they're like oh
I want to learn more about this type of
stuff click on your link and then they
they start doing that or like you get
them deeper in the funnel like oh we
have this what we have this virtual
event that we put on every Friday you
should attend it um yeah we'd go even
deeper on this stuff and if you want to
go deeper with us this is what we do and
then or you could be like hey we have a
free trial um if you just want to check
out or we have this free tool that helps
you budgeted budgeting better come on
our website to come look at this free
budgeting tool so you can have these
little things that are like driving
people two actions on your website and
collecting good data on people but you
have to create content for accountants
otherwise it's not going to accountants
are not going to follow if you're
creating SAS content like if your SAS
software that's accounted no accountants
are going to follow what SAS people care
about they just won't so 95% of SAS
companies wondering why they post get
one
like yeah I mean most of them are most
of them the problem is most of
them like think of like this is just let
me just put out a piece of content like
it's just a check box in their like
calendar it's like let me just put share
my oh we we're doing a webinar where
should we share this webinar okay one
place is LinkedIn one place okay let's
just put it on LinkedIn check um that's
usually what most companies and I seen
the backend it's just like oh check like
we we posted that that webinar or check
we did we we made a post on LinkedIn
today there's no intention behind the
post it's just like we just need to fill
up our content calendar instead of like
thinking the mindset I said the
beginning thinking your content as a
product like would I share this with a
group of accountants would they care
about this post like if I had a group
chat of accountants and I shared this
would they think it's educational funny
entertaining um
inspirational like insightful like would
they care um and if the answer is no you
Pro shouldn't be sharing that content um
on online I think we've just like
inspired some accountant stroke marketer
within an accountant S organization to
create a page like accounting banter or
financial banter because something like
that could take off right I can't
imagine there's many pages that in that
Niche that are showing memes of the
accountants buried in spreadsheets
saying do you feel like
this yeah and I also think it doesn't
even have to be that it could be like um
it could just be like top advice for
account
like from like different accountants
like having a podcast is one of the best
ways to get quotes from a bunch of
different
people um so like having a podcast you
can get the best accountants in the
world on your podcast and then you have
all these tips from accountants that
you're just sharing videos um on line
clubs quotes um they're they step by
step whatever you can get all this like
knowledge of information
and then like the podcast doesn't have
to even rank you just use it as a tool
to create content um so there's a lot of
different ways you can go about it is
but
like I think if you want to be have a
lasting company you have to show that
you have expertise it's not just you're
creating a product for money like that
you have to show that you actually
understand the what you're building yeah
yeah yeah what what you said earlier was
interesting I can't remember exactly
what it was but there's so many like M
LinkedIn for my feed anyway is naturally
us being in B2B is flooded by marketers
in Tech I'm sure not everyone's is the
same as mine but these days it's
becoming hard for me to Cipher who
actually is an expert in their era of
industry or who is actually just a
really good marketer and just so good at
hyping up and putting like tips on
LinkedIn and that kind of stuff who is
just super good at marketing like what
prime example is someone selling a link
a course on on LinkedIn on LinkedIn like
it sounds matter but I suppose for folks
that are new to the platform it almost
becomes difficult for them to decipher
like is this person actually an expert
in this Niche or are they just super
good at marketing
themselves yeah and I I I I do think I
mean I do think some of them are really
good at marketing and St and I do think
some of them are very good experts and
they're on the right channel doing the
the the the stuff um but I think
like that's why I think you need
multiple places to show expertise and
you also I also think like you need
someone in the organization who's done
it before to share the content um like
or to be the face of the content
um because like from like I don't think
you can just start if you're not an
accountant and you've never been an
accountant before it'll be so hard to
share
accounting things that accountants were
like because you haven't been through it
before you haven't like the best content
comes from the things you've been
through that you're just sharing like
when I share marketing stuff like memes
and quotes and stuff all them are just
like what I would felt or what I feel or
what i' I know my friends have felt or I
know my peers are feeling um and that's
what I'm sharing because i' I've done it
before um it's not but for other
people um if you haven't done that you
it's hard you people who actually do it
could could sniff you out very
quickly I suppose that's it as well
especially if you like eventually your
offer is B2B High ticket then folks
aren't just going to see a few posts on
LinkedIn or things like that they're
going to like you say do deeper research
check out maybe your podcast your
YouTube channel email list your website
and like you say eventually will be
sniff I mean Justin Welsh is the perfect
example like he deeply understands
LinkedIn he deeply understands how to
make a build an audience he built an
audience of over
600k followers on his profile um he has
a course if you take his course it is
very it's a great course um he had he
has content on his website that shares
his expertise he has a newsletter that
is showing his expertise all the time I
mean obviously he's cating for solar
preneurs but one the ways for solar
produce to grow is have a good LinkedIn
um
so the way he does it is like he he's
he's showing his expertise by creating
good content also he has credibility by
he's built an audience like he like look
I built 500k followers I know how to do
this like um so there's that part too I
think there's that psychology part is
like you need credibility like you
wouldn't trust an Instagram as expert
who has 300 followers like you want an
Instagram expert who has built a page
100,000 to a million followers to help
you on Instagram like you wouldn't want
someone who's like that for an expert so
there's that credibility side of it too
obviously you wanted them who someone
who's done it in a way that it is not
hacky meaning like buying followers
or um other ways but if they if they did
it through like the algorithm sharing
good content people trust them they're
actually getting comments and good likes
and um good shares then you you're on to
someone who's knows how to use the
platform pretty well um
so I think I mean like for you example
like you really know website and SEO
you've done it for your whole career
you're sharing advice you whenever you
share advice it's good advice people
understand your advice it's like when
you came on my podcast you you I asked
you you asked you questions you gave me
things that an SEO person would know and
and you distilled it so simply that it
was so easy for an SEO person to do it
if you weren't an SEO person you
couldn't do that I don't know anybody
who like you couldn't distill it so
easily that I can understand as a non
SEO person or a non- website person
appreciate man there's that
yeah cool so the one only one one other
thing that I want to break down this
section before we wrap things up so
research it just sounds so critical like
with your example for the marketing
Millennials like like I was saying
before I think there was some good
foresight because you you pretty much
whether it was knowingly or not you
noticed there was a decent Gap and you
attacked it well and you also you know
the industry inside out like you say you
need someone on either yourself or
someone who's part of the company that
is a Hands-On expert in the in the
subject um and then like you say start
on one channel where your focus audience
is is actually hanging out be it
LinkedIn be it insta be it's somewhere
else but the one thing I wanted to
question was you mentioned you should
try and be
different how important is that in this
strategy like being different to what
already exists
the thing is that like that word is very
broad I think like different could mean
so many things different things it could
be the format of the content you
share the stories you tell your
personality and you sharing your
personality is being different than the
rest what I mean by not being the same
is like sharing exactly chat
GP the AI content that everybody else is
sharing or sharing
exactly exactly the same format as
everybody else in the same exact words
like feeling the Sea of sameness like
that's what I mean I think you could
separate still talk about the same
things but you could do it in your
unique way with sharing your unique
perspective your unique story your
unique format your unique there's so
many different ways to be different I
think
I think you have to figure out the
number one goal in marketing and I know
is to get attention like is the number
one goal in marketing because you have
to stop someone in their
tracks and you can it's hard to stop
yourself in the tracks if you look like
everybody else in in in the world um so
if your content looks like everybody
else it's hard to that's why when I I
was not not noticing that like tweets
were stopping people in their tracks
like nobody was doing tweets now
everybody's doing that format but when I
was doing it nobody was posting tweets
on LinkedIn it was like unseen like
people were like now a lot of people are
doing that format but nobody was doing
it and I noticed that this big tweet was
stopping people in their tracks like
people were like stopping because it
took up more of the feed right it was
different it was and I wanted to do
blackout tweets because the feed was
white so I was like oh this is going to
be different than the feed so I was
trying to think of ways to be stand out
in the feed that's different that from
all these like long text posts that are
I want to be this like take up the feed
and make sure that people saw my content
and and stay top of mind I think one of
the number one goals in marketing is is
to be consistently in people's minds so
who who you are no matter if they read
your content or not if your name is
showing up or your company showing up
daily in their feed subconsciously
they're seeing you a lot and building a
rapport with you whether they're reading
your content or not so and they know who
you are so I think the the two goals is
is to grab attention and stay top of
mind with that attention over a long
period of time I think a lot of folks
get stuck on that that part that piece
of the puzzle they think that oh there's
so many people post about let's say the
accountant example example that I've got
so many connections posting Financial
advice they'll be like I'm just going to
be just like them but like you said
there's so many ways you can put your
own spin on it whether is you're putting
your point of view on something in the
industry doing something funny whether
it's a meme putting your own AA of
expertise On It sharing a story like
there's there's so many ways that you
can spin it up you don't have to
reinvent the will do you just change an
element of it like you said your way was
also if you think about it there's a
reason why you're seeing that content is
because and a lot of that content is
because LinkedIn is feeding you content
that you want to see great that is
relevant to you there's so many people
who aren't posting on LinkedIn who are
just 95 90% of the internet are just are
just sitting there looking they're not
even even engaging they're just looking
at your content like they're scrolling
on Tik Tok they're not even engaging on
Tik Tok they're scrolling on LinkedIn
they're not even engaging and then
there's that that 5% of people who are
engaging on post commenting I mean some
of them are gauging meaning liking but
they not commenting and there's that 5%
who are commenting on posts and that's
their way of staying in the community
and then there's that other smaller
percentage of people who are are are
posting and you're just they're just
feeding you stuff that you're seeing so
you think there's a lot of content out
there for your Niche but really there's
so many people that are not
served because those people are just
owning the space now um there's so many
so much room for you to be another voice
in that space I'm telling you there's so
many marketers out there where there's
so many plumbers out there there's so
and just because that person has 30,000
of them that maybe 5,000 are look at
there's so many people who are like
LinkedIn wants to feed your content to
more of those people that are not
getting good content so if you can
create like I said above the average of
the industry like you see the average
like you see a lot of the average in
your feed you can create a little bit
better than them like even the average
are beating out the people who aren't
posting so um so if you can be above
that you could be in the 1% of the
people who are posting out there so love
it love it yeah a A+ consistency B+
content that's what you said earlier
that's a a great way of putting it so
just before we wrap things up we you've
given some great advice in terms of the
fundamentals what you should do
initially terms of the research actually
putting it into play practically and
then building out what any tips when it
comes to actually scaling this thing out
so let's say we've put together the the
foundations maybe we've been running it
for a few months or so are there any
considerations that we should think as
we actually want to build this perhaps
we focused on one platform and we're
starting to build it
out yeah there's a couple things I
think one is you have to do unscalable
things at first and what I mean by that
is unscalable things is you have to be
deeply engaging in the
community when I started I would comment
I would have say I'm GNA comment on 40
posts a day of marketers I'm gonna be in
the comments I'm gon to respond to
people I'm going to respond to every
comment so you have to be that do that
unscalable things to start scaling it
first so do that post every single day
even if your post gets one or two likes
because it's just just testing but one
like engage with PE also what I would do
is have the top 20 in influences in your
industry and engage in their posts
because if people are loving their
content they will inherently start some
of them are going to gravitate to your
content if you're going to post it if
you're engaging with those people and
also like send 10 to 15 connection
requests to people who are active on on
the platform at the beginning to start
saying like hey I saw like
where're don't go cheesy with them but
say like hey like we're we're both when
I used to say like hey I forgot what I
said but I was like say like hey we I
see like we both love marketing content
we we either create or post content on
the regular like I I just want to keep
you in my feed so can see any future
things you post like that's simple like
I didn't want anything from them I just
wanted to show that I care about like we
marketers I want to be in the community
with you and the more and more people
you start building up those small blocks
then they're going to come to your
content and then when people start
coming to your content and liking your
post then you start building this like
slow engine of they going to like and
then when more people like your post
then your post gets seen to more people
and then when more people like your post
post and it gets seen to more people and
then it starts getting this snowball
fact of like more and more people start
liking your post and then it gets seen
to more people so like LinkedIn is one
of the best ways because it does have
high organic
reach comparative to other channels
actually a lot of channels now have high
organic R you just you need to know
where to go like for example Instagram
you post the static image is not going
to do anything but if you post an IG
real you can go viral um Tik Tok you can
go viral YouTube shorts you can go viral
um uh Facebook pages now you can go
viral so there's so many different
Avenues you can like find your spot and
dominate on it I just think you need to
figure out do the the the things at
first of community building unscalable
things at first and then also the hard
thing which is put out content
consistently just stick to like I used
to do is put a thing on my calendar 7
A.M Every Morning Post like I had to get
a post out like that was like I had to
do that every single morning um and then
it buil just compounded and then over
six months to eight months to a year it
started growing and growing and growing
just like we said before just like SEO
just like these things take time because
you have to because trust takes time
and that's the hard part is like trust
takes time um and if you want to be a if
your goal is to be get great Revenue
today versus Revenue in 10 years like a
lot of marketers think in short-term
Horizons the best marketers think in
longterm Horizons they think I'm gonna I
want to be St Still Standing 10 years
from now like I know that if I do this
bad marketing today it's going to create
negative signal in the market that's
going to burn potential buyers that
would come to me in the future so they
know that and that's why the companies
are long standing are doing these things
that we're talking about such a great
point and it it just goes back to that
B2B buying psycle right I mean people
have got to see you on LinkedIn for
example so many times before they
actually one trust you enough secondly
kind of believe that you can help and
then thirdly have got to be in a place
where they actually need your offer that
it's actually relevant in the end stage
so if we're talking about kind of
content that's eventually going to
convert someone whether that is lighter
touch like signing up to your newsletter
or consuming your podcast let alone
buying your product eventually if you
are doing it as a solution not um kind
of building up a media brand
directly then just think about your own
buying experiences when you've purchased
a B2B product that's perhaps hundreds of
bucks a month or thousands of bucks a
month like how long did it take you to
trust a brand enough to eventually reach
out and and do business directly with
them and think about how much content
you might have consumed or how many
times you might have seen them in the
feed before you kind of they were the
one of choice so I think a lot of people
just skip that part and kind of want the
quick results but don't necessarily want
to put in the work and take those steps
that you've shared so really appreciate
you running it through
Daniel of course thank you for having me
on um and I really appreciate what
you're doing here with the show and you
putting out great content so thank you
for that cheers dude thanks very much so
for anyone tuning in that wants to learn
more about yourself the marketing
Millennials Authority please do share
more and how they can connect with you
on those
businesses if you want lighter touch
funny meme content you can follow the
marketing Millennials on on LinkedIn if
you want in-depth
more Marketing in depth content we have
a newsletter the marketing Millennials
you can go to mark millennial.age
podcast on any podcast Network and
Authority is just Authority B2B if
you're have a Mark if you're a marketer
with a marketing audience um that want
to scale on LinkedIn we help people do
that um so those are the places you
could find me but I
think
uh we're just do what follow the
marketers you want to follow and I think
one of them is great marketer Sam so
keep following him and you'll learn a
lot about
marketing very kind man very kind thanks
once again Daniel we'll put links to all
of those channels Below in the show
notes and the description we got to give
a quick shout out to our sponsors
Revenue Heroes Revenue hero rather and
factors. for sponsoring the show and if
you want to join thousands of Legends
checking out past podcast episodes The
Daily newslet or to apply to work with
our team head over to Breaking bb.com
thank you to Daniel and thank you to you
the audience to tuning in we'll catch
you on the next one for more no BS B2B
marketing tips see you
[Music]
soon